[Music]
eight things every dad should teach and
son we usually think that moms play the
most important role in a child's life
however there are things that a father
will certainly do better especially when
it comes to a son let's see first the
boy comes under the supervision of
kindergarten teachers and then he goes
to school where women constitute 90% of
teachers he is always in the company of
women and he often lacks male education
you should know that there are eight
things that only a father can give his
child the last lesson number eight is
the most valuable on this list as it
helps kids learn how to stay happy no
matter what happens one explained how
important it is to know how to win and
how to lose a part some friends who is
the best companion for a child in
various competitions and games dad of
course this is good training for
masculine qualities through these games
the child will feel the taste of victory
and realize how much effort it takes to
reach it and for the father such games
will be an excellent opportunity to
explain to a son that defeats are
unavoidable if you fall you just have to
rise and keep on going and there's
nothing shameful in the failure
to teach of the right attitude toward
women a mother can also tell her son how
to treat a woman but only the father can
show all this through his example it'll
be great if his son learns from him all
sorts of important things about women
not from friends not from the internet
but from his dad take your child with
you to buy flowers for Mom go to the
store together and talk politely to the
cashier that your child doesn't hesitate
to communicate with unfamiliar women
that's it three have a man-to-man
conversation about love this point
follows on from the preceding let your
son learn all about this all powerful
feelings from masculine heart-to-heart
conversations when the time comes for a
teenager it will be a valuable gift it
could fathers helped him about his first
love and first date diminishing hurry
because it's better to wait for the
right girl will create a spark in his
soul this conversation can be extremely
useful for mutual trust
for teach him how to fight back
father is the only one who can properly
teach a son to be strong and firm stand
up for himself and what is right he can
train him to detect when it's worth
roaring so that the offender won't get
near him and when it's more reasonable
not to pay attention to provocation and
calmly leas he should explain to his son
and show by his example that kindness is
not a weakness five enrich the child's
experience with new sensations
everything starts when he's still a baby
even as a six month old he can feel the
difference between female and male
manifestations of love unlike mothers
with stroking and caresses father's
prefer active games with a masculine
character such as tossing or spinning
moms usually look at all this with quiet
horror but the child receives an
abundance of visual auditory and tactile
sensations and a new experience about
their spatial location
[Music]
six teach him male tricks there are such
things men do that look like magic to
most women for example starting a fire
hammering nails repairing a car even if
your child is 100% urban there's no
doubt that the ability to start a fire
will come in handy for him in the future
at least for lighting a grill in any
company skill described above will add
100 points to your son's reputation
[Music]
vii helped him to master domestic duties
of course this is about tying aside
shaving and ironing his shirts although
now your son can find the answers to any
question on the internet it'll be much
better if he learned this from his
father yes it's the father and no one
else who can show the son that men can
also cook well at least in order not to
die of hunger eight help him find his
own view of the world you don't even
need to do anything special just be
there from time to time and talk to him
your child needs to understand that
there's not only the mom with the
requirements and expectations but also
another person with a different
impression of course when it comes to
upbringing parents should be on the same
side but regarding views of the world
the philosophies can be very different
and this is normal with the father's
help the child will see that there are
several points of view on the same thing
you will learn to analyze and form his
view of things
and what did your father teach you what
is the most important lesson he has
taught you share your thoughts in the
comments below don't forget to hit that
thumbs up button and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life